Add a note about combining aliases with architecture (#719)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/index.md

or downstream jobs like [`koji_build`](configuration/downstream/koji_build)
or [`bodhi_update`](configuration/downstream/bodhi_update)).

:::info

You can combine aliases with architecture where appropriate (e.g. in Copr targets).

> You can do this by suffixingthe alias with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this by suffixing the alias with
```

Author: Thanks for catching this!

> You can do this by suffixingthe alias with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can do this by suffixing the alias with
```

an architecture (e.g. `fedora-stable-aarch64`).

> By default, the `x86_64` is used.

Reviewer: This sounds a bit strange, I'd use either `By default, x86_64 is used` or `By default, the x86_64 architecture is used`.
